metadata filtering support (#21870)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/autorag/how-to/bring-your-own-generation-model.mdx

---
pcx_content_type: concept
title: Bring your own generation model
sidebar:
  order: 5
---

import {
	Badge,
	Description,
	Render,
	TabItem,
	Tabs,
	WranglerConfig,
	MetaInfo,
	Type,
} from "~/components";

When using `AI Search`, AutoRAG leverages a Workers AI model to generate the response. If you want to use a model outside of Workers AI, you can use AutoRAG for search while leveraging a model outside of Workers AI to generate responses.

> Here is an example of how you can use an OpenAI model to generate your responses. This example is done using [Workers Binding](/autorag/usage/workers-binding/) but can be easily adapted to use the [REST API](/autorag/usage/rest-api/) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example of how you can use an OpenAI model to generate your responses. This example uses [Workers Binding](/autorag/usage/workers-binding/), but can be easily adapted to use the [REST API](/autorag/usage/rest-api/) instead.
```
